# right-open-plat
    Right open plat (ROP) is a real framework for building an open service platform and follows the GPL protocol. Users must also follow the GPL specification.
    The current framework was designed and developed in November 2015. After years of version iteration, it has been very stable, and some new features will continue to be updated from time to time.
    Git address before the current open source framework code（ https://github.com/linus786/rop ）It has been abandoned. Now the GIT address is the latest code version. The framework uses a valid license to ensure the security of the framework.
    For the version after December 2019, if it is applied to the non-commercial environment, the free user can use three months to apply for the license for the first time, and then must apply for the license every month to update and replace the jar package, otherwise the service will not run better.
    The right open plat is temporarily scheduled to start from December 2021. In order to ensure the quality of the service, the non-commercial version will be suspended, and all services will use the commercial service charging standard. Please contact us by email for the specific charging standard and update method zongze786@163.com. Of course, you can also contact this email for technical issues and information exchange related to the framework.
    It is different from the general pure technology web service framework (such as CXF, Jersey, etc.) , we are committed to building the framework of open service platform. You can use it to develop a service platform similar to Taobao open service platform. We have fully learned from the design ideas of the current large-scale website open service platform, absorbed their successful practical experience, and solved many problems in the application layer of the open service platform. Developers can use these solutions directly or It provides solutions for application authentication, session management, security control, error model, version management, timeout limit and so on.
